README.md, before:

# CodeMirror-RevisedSearch
A revised interface for the default CodeMirror search addon, putting the find and replace fields in the same dialog as the buttons.

This is based on the original search addon included with CodeMirror, but with a revised interface.  Where the original falls back on the built in browser dialog if the dialog addon is not included, this relies on the "codemirror-advanceddialog" addon.  As a result it can render the find and replace fields in the same dialog as the buttons, as per most the search functionality found in many IDEs.

The editor should make room for the search dialog in order to prevent it from obscuring matches near the top of the document.

In addition, the dialog won't blur on close like the vanilla search, but instead closes either when the user clicks the "close" button or presses escape when either of the text boxes has focus.

## To install

You can install either manually or via npm.  The latter is very simple:

    npm install --save codemirror-revisedsearch

If you want to install manually, however, you will need to include `revised-search.js` as well as both `advanced-dialog.js` and `dialog.css` from the [codemirror-advanceddialog](http://www.github.com/maloric/codemirror-advanceddialog) package.


## Notable Changes

### v1.0.8 - 2017-04-12

The find is now triggered on each key press and will display the number of matches next to the input box.  This has been tested documents up to 30,000 lines without any percievable difference in speed.

Commit message:

Added build step to make addon compatible with browsers that don't yet support ES6

README.md, after:

# CodeMirror-RevisedSearch
A revised interface for the default CodeMirror search addon, putting the find and replace fields in the same dialog as the buttons.

This is based on the original search addon included with CodeMirror, but with a revised interface.  Where the original falls back on the built in browser dialog if the dialog addon is not included, this relies on the "codemirror-advanceddialog" addon.  As a result it can render the find and replace fields in the same dialog as the buttons, as per most the search functionality found in many IDEs.

The editor should make room for the search dialog in order to prevent it from obscuring matches near the top of the document.

In addition, the dialog won't blur on close like the vanilla search, but instead closes either when the user clicks the "close" button or presses escape when either of the text boxes has focus.

## To install

You can install either manually or via npm.  The latter is very simple:

    npm install --save codemirror-revisedsearch

If you want to install manually, however, you will need to include `revised-search.js` as well as both `advanced-dialog.js` and `dialog.css` from the [codemirror-advanceddialog](http://www.github.com/maloric/codemirror-advanceddialog) package.


## Notable Changes

### v1.0.11 - 2017-04-19

Implemented a build step using Babel to make the addon compatible with browsers that don't yet support ES6 features.  The correct file to include is now dist/revised-search.js.

### v1.0.8 - 2017-04-12

The find is now triggered on each key press and will display the number of matches next to the input box.  This has been tested documents up to 30,000 lines without any percievable difference in speed.
